vscode: Add a walkthrough to help getting started with Slint (#3292)
slint-ui/slint: editors/vscode/static/walkthroughs/welcome/get_help.md

<!-- Copyright © SixtyFPS GmbH <info@slint.dev> ; SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT -->

> Slint has excellent [documentation](https://slint.dev/docs) available online.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To further improve your Slint skills, check out the [online documentation](https://slint.dev/docs).
```

> The Slint has excellent [documentation](https://slint.dev/docs) available online.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To further improve your Slint skills, check out the [online documentation](https://slint.dev/docs).
```

> The Slint has excellent [documentation](https://slint.dev/docs) available online.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Slint has excellent [documentation](https://slint.dev/docs) available online.
```

> You are also free to reach out to the Slint open source community:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have feedback or questions, feel free to reach out to the Slint community:
```

> -   [Chat with us](https://chat.slint.dev/) on mattermost

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   [Chat with us](https://chat.slint.dev/) on Mattermost.
```

> -   [Discuss](https://github.com/slint-ui/slint/discussions) with us on Github

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   [Discuss](https://github.com/slint-ui/slint/discussions) with us on GitHub.
```

> -   [Discuss](https://github.com/slint-ui/slint/discussions) with us on Github

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-   [Ask questions](https://github.com/slint-ui/slint/discussions) on Github
```

> -   Contact us on [twitter](https://twitter.com/slint_ui) or [mastodon](https://fosstodon.org/@slint)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Contact us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/slint_ui) or [Mastodon](https://fosstodon.org/@slint)
```

> -   [Report a bug](https://github.com/slint-ui/slint/issues)  on Github

Reviewer: This section looks good to me. Olivier's suggestions were better than mine :-)

```suggestion
-   [Report a bug](https://github.com/slint-ui/slint/issues) on Github
```

> -   [Report any issue](https://github.com/slint-ui/slint/issues) you run into on Github

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   [Report any issues](https://github.com/slint-ui/slint/issues) in our issue tracker on GitHub.
```

> -   [Report any issue](https://github.com/slint-ui/slint/issues) you run into on Github

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-   [Report a bug](https://github.com/slint-ui/slint/issues)  on Github
```

(I want to avoid people filling "support issue" (aka questions) on the bug tracker.  I prefer they use the discuss option
